Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears!

Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.

Are you religious? Because you're the answer to all my prayers.

Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.

I'm not a photographer, but I can picture me and you together.

Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.

If you were a vegetable you'd be a cute-cumber.

If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.

Do you play soccer? Because you're a keeper!

Are you African? Because you're a frican babe.

Are you an interior decorator? Because when I saw you, the entire room became beautiful.

Let me tie your shoes, cause I don't want you falling for anyone else.

Are you an omelette? Because you're making me egg-cited!

Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet butt.

Do you have a pencil? Cause I want to erase your past and write our future.

Do you know what my shirt is made of? Boyfriend material.

Are you my Appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that makes me feel like I should take you out.

Are you a florist? Cause ever since I met you, my life has been Rosey.

I wanna live in your socks so I can be with you every step of the way.

Did you invent the airplane? Cause you seem Wright for me.

If God made anything more beautiful than you, I'm sure he'd keep it for himself.

Do you have a map? I'm getting lost in your eyes.

I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?

Are you an orphanage? Cause I wanna give you kids.

Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?

I was feeling a little off today, but you definitely turned me on.

Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how fine you look right now?

Do you live in a corn field, cause I'm stalking you.

Sorry, but you owe me a drink. [Why?] Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.

Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!

I’m not a hoarder but I really want to keep you forever.

Do you have a Band-Aid? Because I just scraped my knee falling for you.

Are you a parking ticket? 'Cause you've got fine written all over you.

Are you mexican? Because you're my juan and only!

Do you drink Pepsi? Because you're so-da-licious!

Do I know you? Cause you look exactly like my next girlfriend.

I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart.

I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?

Is your nickname Chapstick? Because you’re da balm!

I'm not staring at your boobs. I'm staring at your heart.

Can I take your picture to prove to all my friends that angels do exist?

I’ll give up my morning cereal to spoon you instead.

Can I have your Instagram? My parents said I should follow my dreams.

Is your daddy a Baker? Because you've got some nice buns!

Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? (hold up a mirror)

Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koala-fications.

I'm not drunk, I'm just intoxicated by YOU.

I was blinded by your beauty... I'm going to need your name and number for insurance purposes.

Is there an airport nearby or is that just my heart taking off?

There must be a lightswitch on my forehead because everytime I see you, you turn me on!

Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?

Have you been to the doctor lately? Cause I think you're lacking some Vitamin Me.

Can I follow you home? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams.

You look so familiar... didn't we take a class together? I could've sworn we had chemistry.

Hi, I’m Mr. Right. Someone said you were looking for me?

Do you like Nintendo? Because Wii would look good together.

If you were a flower you'd be a damnnn-delion

If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.

Was your dad a boxer? Cause you're a knockout!

You're so beautiful that you made me forget my pickup line.

You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!

If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.

Damn, if being sexy was a crime, you'd be guilty as charged!

I was wondering if you had an extra heart? Mine seems to have been stolen

Do you smoke pot? Because weed be cute together.

I thought happiness started with an H. Why does mine start with U?

Are you a campfire? Cause you are hot and I want s'more.

If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!

Are you a banana? Because I find you a-peeling

Are you Netflix? Because I could watch you for hours.

Are you a bank loan? Because you’ve got my interest

Are you Jewish? Cause you ISRAELI HOT.

You may be asked to leave soon, you're making all the other women look bad.

Are you lost ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here.

I'm fighting the urge to make you the happiest woman on earth tonight.

You're kinda, sorta, basically, pretty much always on my mind.

Put down that cupcake... you're sweet enough already.

Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.


Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot!

Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!

Is your dad a drug dealer? Cause you're so Dope!

Smoking is hazardous to your health... and baby, you're killing me!

Are you Hurricane Katrina? Cause you’re blowing me away.

Me without you is like a nerd without braces, A shoe without laces, aSentenceWithoutSpaces

If I told you that you had a great body, would you hold it against me?

Babe, your beauty makes the morning sun look like the dull glimmer of the moon.

If I’m vinegar, then you must be baking soda. Because you make me feel all bubbly inside!

You must be the cure for Alzheimer’s, because you’re unforgettable.

Please call 9-1-1, because you just made my heart stop!

You're so hot, that if you ate a piece of bread, you'd poop out toast!

Is your name Ariel? Cause we Mermaid for each other!

Charizards are red, Squirtles are blue, if you were a Pokemon, I would choose you!

So, what do you do for a living besides always making all the men excited and warm all over?

Could you please step away from the bar? You’re melting all the ice!

Are you from Russia? ‘Cause you’re Russian my heart rate!

I’m in the mood for pizza... a pizza you, that is!

I was so content with my life and one day I asked God, what could be better than this? And then I met you.

Most guys need 3 meals a day to keep going... I just need eye contact from you.

Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only ten I see!

There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.

I didn't see any stars in the sky tonight, the most heavenly body was standing right next to me.

Is your dad a terrorist? Because you are the bomb!

I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you.

Nice hair, wanna mess it up?

I would flirt with you, but I’d rather seduce you with my awkwardness.

There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.

Baby, if you were words on a page, you'd be what they call FINE PRINT!

Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.

You must be a hell of a thief because you stole my heart from across the room.

Do you have a twin sister? Then you must be the most beautiful girl in the world!

You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.

Excuse me, but I think I dropped something. MY JAW!

When God made you, he was showing off.

If you were a booger I'd pick you first.

Do you know what I did last night? I looked up at the stars, and matched each one with a reason why I love you.

Excuse me, I think you have something in your eye. Oh wait, it's just a sparkle.

If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?

If this bar is a meat market, you must be the prime rib.

You must be a very important textbook passage, because seeing you is the highlight of my day.

Are you a magician??? Because Abraca-DAYUM!

You wanna know what's beautiful? Read the first word again.

Your lips look so lonely.... Would they like to meet mine?

My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.

Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.

You're so hot you would make the devil sweat.

Hey baby you're so fine you make me stutter, wha-wha-what's your name?

I bet you $20 you're gonna turn me down.

How come you're not on top of a Christmas tree? I thought that's where angels belonged.

Do you have the time? [Tells you the time] No, the time to write down my number?

Your legs must be tired because you've been running through my mind all night.

Wouldn't we look cute on a wedding cake together?

Can I borrow a kiss? I promise I'll give it back.

I may not be a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.

Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel?

Hey... Didn't I see your name in the dictionary under "Shazaam!"?

If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you.

Rejection can lead to emotional stress for both parties involved and emotional stress can lead to physical complications such as headaches, ulcers, cancerous tumors, and even death! So for my health and yours, JUST SAY YES!

Did you have lucky charms for breakfast? Because you look magically delicious!

No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.


Can I borrow your cell phone? I need to call animal control, because I just saw a fox!

Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day.. .all I'm asking for is one from you.

Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.

I'm not actually this tall. I'm sitting on my wallet.

When I first saw you I looked for a signature, because every masterpiece has one.

Does your father sell diamonds? Because you are FLAWLESS!

I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?

Baby I might not be Sriracha sauce but, I sure will spice up your life.

Are you a good cuddler? I might let you join my gang.

Even if you had 0 followers, I’d follow you anywhere.

People call me John, but you can call me tonight.

Was you father an alien? Because there's nothing else like you on Earth!

Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.

If I had a penny for every time I thought of you, I'd have exactly one cent, because you never leave my mind.

Are you a 45 degree angle? Because you’re acute-y!

Is your name Dunkin? Because I Donut want to spend another day without you.

Do you like Star Wars? Because Yoda only one for me!

Call me Shrek because I'm head ogre heels for you!

Do you have advanced radiation poisoning? Because you are glowing!

Kiss me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?

If I received a nickel for everytime I saw someone as beautiful as you, I'd have five cents.

If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?

Hello are you married? [Yes] Well I didn't hear you say "happily".

You are like a candy bar: half sweet and half nuts.

Hello how are you? [Fine] Hey, I didn't ask you how you looked!

Did you clean your pants with Windex? I can practically see myself in them.

How was heaven when you left it?

Did you fart, cause you blew me away.

You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.

Hey... somebody farted. Let's get out of here.

I didn't know that angels could fly so low!

There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can't take them off you.

You are so fine, I wish I could plant you and grow a whole field of you!

Is your last name Gillette? Because you are the best a man can get.

Is your name "swiffer"? 'Cause you just swept me off my feet.

Excuse me, but you dropped something back there" (What?) "This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.

Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?

Are you cold? You look like you could use some hot chocolate... Well, here I am!

Did you die recently? Cause girl, you look like an angel to me.

I could lay next to you forever... or until we decide to go eat.

Baby, you're so sweet, you put Hershey's outta business.

Wanna go bowling? I thought it might be right up your alley.

Is your name Dwayne Johnson? Because you Rock my world!

You’re not a vegetarian, are you? Because I’d love to meat you.

You’re so attractive that my phone gets hot just from talking to you.

Can I buy you a drink or do you just want the money?


Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?

So there you are! I've been looking all over for YOU, the woman of my dreams!

Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?

Inheriting eighty million bucks doesn't mean much when you have a weak heart.

You see my friend over there? [Point to friend] He wants to know if YOU think I'M cute.

The only thing your eyes haven't told me is your name.

Excuse me, I just noticed you noticing me and I just wanted to give you notice that I noticed you too.

(As she is leaving) Hey aren't you forgetting something? (What?) Me!

Somebody better call God, cuz heaven's missing an angel!

Can I borrow a quarter? ["What for?"] I want to call my mom and tell her I just met the man/woman of my dreams.

If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart.

Are you Willy Wonka's daughter, 'cuz you look sweet and delicious.

If you were a transformer, you'd be a HOT-obot, and your name would be Optimus Fine.

Do you remember me? [No.] Oh that's right, we've only met in my dreams.

Did it hurt? (Did what hurt?) When you fell out of heaven?

I'm sorry, were you talking to me? [No] Well then, please start.

I know milk does a body good, but baby, how much have you been drinking?

I play the field, and it looks like I just hit a home run with you.

I'm new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?

If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put 'U' and 'I' together.

If you were a tear in my eye I would not cry for fear of losing you.

If your heart was a prison, I would like to be sentenced for life.

My lenses turn dark in the sunshine of your love.

What time do you have to be back in heaven?

Baby, I'm no Fred Flintstone, but I can make your Bedrock!

You'd better direct that beauty somewhere else, you'll set the carpet on fire.

[Point at her butt] Pardon me, is this seat taken?

Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.

I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.

Are your parents bakers? Cause they sure made you a cutie pie!

Did you go to bed early last night? From the looks of it, you got your beauty sleep.

What's on the menu? Me-n-U

You're like pizza. Even when you are bad, you're good

I'd say God Bless you, but it looks like he already did.

I must be in a museum, because you truly are a work of art.

My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't... I think you're absolutely gorgeous!

Let's commit the perfect crime: I'll steal your heart, and you'll steal mine.

You spend so much time in my mind, I should charge you rent.

If kisses were snowflakes, I'd send you a blizzard

If stars would fall everytime I would think of you, the sky would soon be empty.

You know, Dr. Phil says I'm afraid of commitment...Want to help prove him wrong?

Do you like Mexican food? Cause I want to wrap you in my arms and make you my BAE-RITTO.

You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?

Blue eyes, red lips, pale face. So pretty. You look like the flag of France.

Even though there aren't any stars out tonight, you're still shining like one.

If you were a potato you'd be a sweet one.

Please call an ambulance, your beauty is killing me.

Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.

Are you a hipster, because you make my hips stir.

Are you a cat? Cause you are purrrfect

I wish I was cross eyed, so I could see you twice.

Are you on Nickelodeon? Cause you're a-Dora-ble!

I don't know if you're beautiful, I haven't gotten past your eyes yet.

You don't need keys to drive me crazy.

If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I’m brave enough to ask you out!

Is Your Dad A Preacher? Cause Girl You’re A Blessing.

Are you a vampire? Cause you looked a little thirsty when you looked at me.


Can I hit you in the face... with my lips?

You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall... is in love with me.

When I first saw you, I knew we could win the Stanley Cup in tonsil hockey.

My name isn't Elmo, but you can tickle me any time you want to.

Can you take me to the doctor? Because I just broke my leg falling for you.

You must be a ninja, because you snuck into my heart

I need a dollar, but I only have 90 cents... do you want to be my dime?

[Look at her shirt label.] When they say, "What are you doing?" You respond: "Yep! Made in heaven!"

Be unique and different, say yes.

Your eyes are blue, like the ocean. And baby, I'm lost at sea.

You know how they say skin is the largest organ on the human body? Not in my case.

My lips are like skittles. Wanna taste the rainbow?

They say dating is a numbers game... so can I get your number?

You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.

(Ask a person for the time) 9:15? So today is May 1, 2008, at 9:15 PM, thanks I just wanted to be able to remember the exact moment that I met the woman of my dreams.

Pinch me. [Why?] You're so fine I must be dreaming.

If I had to choose between breathing or loving you, I would say "I love you" with my last breath!

Ouch! My tooth hurts! [Why?] Because you are soooo sweet!

I'm not trying to impress you or anything, but... I'm Batman!

You must be from Pearl Harbor, because baby, you're the bomb.

You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy.

Do you know karate? Because your body is really kickin'.

You must be a high test score, because I want to take you home and show you to my mother.

I’m learning about important dates in history class. Wanna be one of them?

I hear they banned you from school lunches for being so sweet.

I need some answers for my math homework. Quick. What’s your number?

Are you a Snickers bar? Cause you satisfy me.

Is your last name Campbell? Cause you're "mmmm... good!"

You're like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life!

Baby, you are so fine I could put you on a plate and sop you up with a biscuit.

Is there a rainbow today? Because I just found the treasure I've been searching for!

You remind me of a magnet, because you sure are attracting me over here!

Hey, is it just me, or are we destined to be married?

Hello. Are you taking any applications for a boy/girlfriend?

I have an "owie" on my lip. Will you kiss it and make it better?

Let's make like a fabric softener and 'Snuggle

Hi, my name is Doug. That's "god" spelled backwards with a little bit of you wrapped up in it.

If I could reach out and hold a star for everytime you've made me smile, I'd hold the sky in the palm of my hand.

Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?

(Put your fingers on the other's nipples) Hey, here's (name), comin' at you with the weather. Can I be your warm front?

How much does a polar bear weigh? [How much?] Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm (insert name here).

Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right? [NO!] Darn, I always get "love" and "lust" mixed up.

Should I smile because we are friends, or cry because I know that is what we will ever be?

When I look into your eyes, it is like a gateway into the world of which I want to be a part.

Hey baby. You got a jersey? [A jersey?...Why?] Because I need your name and number.

You’re so cute it’s distracting!

Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pick 'Do you come here often?', 'What's your sign?', or 'Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?

(hold out hand) Would you hold this for me while I go for a walk?

This time next year let’s be laughing together.

Is your last name Whitman, because I want to sample you.

On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.

Hey baby, I must be a light switch, cuz every time I see you, you turn me on!

Are you a beaver? Cause daaaaam!

I hope your day has been as beautiful as you are.

Is your father Little Caesar? Cause you look Hot 'n Ready.

If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.

I could use some spare change and you're a dime.

I'm no mathematician, but I'm pretty good with numbers. Tell you what, Give me yours and watch what I can do with it.

Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?

Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.

Have you always been this cute, or did you have to work at it?

Hey, don't I know you? Yeah, you're the girl with the beautiful smile.

Is your father a mechanic? Because you’ve got a finely tuned body!

I have had a really bad day and it always makes me feel better to see a pretty girl smile. So, would you smile for me?

I hope you know CPR, because you take my breath away!

I just had to come talk with you. Sweetness is my weakness.

I think I can die happy now, cause I've just seen a piece of heaven.

Apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living?

I sneezed because God blessed me with you.

Is it hot in here or is it just you?

Nice to meet you, I'm (your name) and you are...gorgeous!

I may not be a genie, but I can make all your wishes come true!

Was your dad king for a day? He must have been to make a princess like you.

Were you arrested earlier? It's gotta be illegal to look that good.

Were your parents Greek Gods, 'cause it takes two gods to make a goddess.

What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in this room?

What's that on your face? Oh, must just be beauty. Here, let me get it off. Hey, it's not coming off!

I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!

You are the reason men fall in love.

You know the more I drink, the prettier you get!

You know, I would die happy if I saw you naked just once!

You better call Life Alert, 'cause I've fallen for you and I can't get up.

You're single. I'm single. Coincidence? I think not.

You know, you might be asked to leave soon. You're making the other women look really bad.

You look like my third wife. [how many time have you been married?] Twice.

You make me melt like hot fudge on a sundae.

You should be someone's wife.

Were you in Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot.

Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?

I want to be your tear drop, so I could be born in your eyes, live on your cheeks, and die on your lips.

I know where they give out free drinks... it’s a place called “My House”!

I can't think of anyone else I’d rather survive a Zombie Apocalypse with.

Babe! you look so fine I could drink your bath water!

If I had a rose for every time I thought of you, I would be walking through my garden forever.

Girl, if I were a fly, I'd be all over you, because you're the shit!

Hey, how did you do that? (What?) Look so good?

Damn girl, you have more curves than a race track.

If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.

You are so beautiful that I would marry your brother just to get into your family.

You look like a cool glass of refreshing water, and I am the thirstiest man in the world.

Are you a tamale? 'Cause you're hot.

You are so beautiful that you give the sun a reason to shine.

Do you bleach your teeth? 'Cause your smile lights up the entire room like a candle in the dark. Let's go prove it.

Your ass is so nice that it is a shame that you have to sit on it.

Someone should call the police, because you just stole my heart!

Stop, drop, and roll, baby. You are on fire.

Baby, you're so hot, you make the equator look like the north pole.

Come live in my heart, and pay no rent.

You're hotter than Papa Bear's porridge.

I hope there's a fire truck nearby, cause you're smokin'!

If it weren't for that DAMNED sun, you'd be the hottest thing ever created.

How is your fever? [What fever?] Oh... you just look hot to me.

Tonight this Han doesn’t want to fly Solo.

I just got dumped, and I think that you could make me feel better.

(Walk up to someone and bite them anywhere) Sorry, taking a bite out of crime. [WHAT?] Well it has to be illegal to look that good!

You are a 9 - you'd be a perfect 10 if you were with me.

Excuse me, I'd like to have kids someday, and I wanted to know how your parents created such a beautiful creature.

You’re my favorite weakness.

You're so hot, I bet you could light a candle at 10 paces.

I can't believe I've been hear the entire evening with all these beautiful people and the moment I find 'The One', all I have time to say is "good bye".

Hey baby, you've got something on your butt - my eyes!

This isn't a beer belly, It's a fuel tank for a love machine.

Baby you make palms sweaty, knees weak, arms spaghetti.

If I was an octopus, all my 3 hearts would beat for you.

Guess what I’m wearing? The smile you gave me!

I don't know you, but I think I love you already.

Here's the key to my house, my car... and my heart.

If we shared a garden, I'd put my tulips and your tulips together. (tulips = two lips)

Is your name Summer? 'Cause you are as hot as hell.

If I had to choose between one night with you or winning the lottery...I would chose winning the lottery...but it would be close...real close...

Do you have any sunscreen? 'Cause you are burning me up!

See these keys? I wish I had the one to your heart.

You're hotter than donut grease.

Your eyes are as blue as window cleaner.

Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?

If you were a burger at McDonalds, you'd be McGorgeous.

Are your parents retarded, 'cause you sure are special.

If you could put a price tag on beauty you'd be worth more than Fort Knox.

I must be dancing with the devil, because you're hot as hell.

Are you the moon? Because even when it's dark, you still seem to shine.

Roses are red, my face is too, that only happens when I’m around you.

Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I’m around you, all I do is blush.

I never need to see the sun again because your eyes light up my world.

How much does it cost to date you? Cause damn, you look expensive!

If you were a steak you would be well done.

It's dark in here. Wait! It's because all of the light is shining on you.

Your hand looks heavy. Let me hold it for you.

Do you have any raisins? [No] How about a date?

Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.

Is your name Katrina? [No, why?] 'Cuz baby, you rock me like a hurricane!

Can you pull this heart-shaped arrow out of my butt? A damn little kid with wings shot me.

On The Phone
She/He says: "Hold on"
You Say: "Sorry, I can't hold on... I've already fallen for you."

Is your body from McDonald's? Cause I'm lovin' it!

Are you a microwave oven? Cause you melt my heart.

Did you get your license suspended for driving so many guys crazy?

Are you a girl scout, cause you tie my heart in knots.

You're so hot, I could bake cookies on you.

You look beautiful today, just like every other day.

Let's play Winnie the Pooh and get my nose stuck in your honey jar.

When I'm older, I'll look back at all of my crowning memories, and I'll think of the day my children were born, the day I got married, and the day that I met you.

If beauty were time, you'd be eternity.

Is your car battery dead? Because I'd like to jump you.

I'm lost. Can you tell me which road leads to your heart?

Where do you hide your wings?

Is your name Mickey? Because you’re so FINE!

Are you made of grapes? Cause you’re fine as wine.

For a moment I thought I had died and gone to heaven. Now I see that I am very much alive, and heaven has been brought to me.

Forget about Spiderman, Superman, and Batman. I'll be your man.

There isn't a word in the dictionary for how good you look.

Girl, you’re like Mastercard - absolutely priceless.

Fascinating. I've been looking at your eyes all night long, 'cause I've never seen such dark eyes with so much light in them.

You're the only girl I love now... but in ten years, I'll love another girl. She'll call you 'Mommy.'

My doctor says I'm lacking Vitamin U.

I tried my best to not feel anything for you. Guess what? I failed.

Hey, don't frown. You never know who could be falling in love with your smile.

Because of you, I laugh a little harder, cry a little less, and smile a lot more.

Excuse me, but does this smell like chloroform to you?

Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.

Can I have directions? [To where?] To your heart.

I'm sorry, I don't think we've met. I wouldn't forget a pretty face like that.

Your body is 65% water and I'm thirsty.

There are people who say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Apparently, none of them have ever been in your arms.

Does your left eye hurt? Because you've been looking right all day.

My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful girl in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?

Do you have a name or can I just call you mine?

With my IQ and your body, we could make a race of superchildren and conquer the earth!

I will stop loving you when an apple grows from a mango tree on the 30th of February.

If I were a stop light, I'd turn red everytime you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.

Let's make like the Olympic rings and hook up later.

Your body is a wonderland, and I'd like to be Alice.

It's a good thing I wore gloves today. Otherwise you'd be too hot to handle.

Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back.

I’m no photographer, but I can picture us together.

Even if there wasn’t any gravity on earth, I would still fall for you!

How is your fever? [What fever?] Oh… you just look hot to me.

Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?

I have to show you the prettiest girl I’ve ever seen. (show phone with frontcam)

If I were a stop light, I’d turn red everytime you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.

My love for you is like dividing by zero– it cannot be defined.

If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?

Me without you is like a nerd without braces, A shoe without laces, aSentenceWithoutSpaces.

Let me tie your shoes, cause I dont want you falling for anyone else.

Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I’d rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.

If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you.

Babe, your beauty makes the morning sun look like the dull glimmer of the moon.

Life without you would be like a broken pencil… pointless.

My buddies bet me that I wouldn’t be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful girl in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?

Was your father a thief? ‘Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.

If you were a triangle you’d be acute one.

I sneezed because God blessed me with you.

I hope you know CPR, because you take my breath away!

If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.

See these keys? I wish I had the one to your heart.

I must be dancing with the devil, because you’re hot as hell.

There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn’t have your number in it.

I never need to see the sun again because your eyes light up my world.

Can I have your picture so I can show Santa what I want for Christmas?

Let’s commit the perfect crime: I’ll steal you’re heart, and you’ll steal mine.

Stop, drop, and roll, baby. You are on fire.

What time do you have to be back in heaven?

Hey, I didnt know angels flew so low.

You must be a hell of a thief because you stole my heart from across the room.

I don’t know which is prettier today, the water, the sky or your eyes.

What are you doing for the rest of your life? Because I want to spend it with you.

You must be Jelly, cause jam don’t shake like that.

When God made you, he was showing off.

If you were a chicken, you’d be impeccable.

No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.

Can you take me to the bakery? Because, I want a Cutiepie like you!

Your lips look so lonely…Would they like to meet mine?

I think there’s something wrong with my eyes because I can’t take them off you.

Hi, I’m writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?

If you were a tear drop, I would never cry for the fear of losing you.

There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can’t take them off you.

You know, Dr. Phil says I’m afraid of commitment…Want to help prove him wrong?

Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.

Is your dad an art thief? Because you’re a masterpiece.

Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?

I wasnt sure if you were a beautiful angel or a sexy devil, but now that I’m close I see heaven in your eyes.

My name’s [your name]. Just so you know what to scream.

Your eyes are blue, like the ocean. And baby, I’m lost at sea.

There are a lot of fish in the sea, but you’re the only one I’d like to mount.

If God made anything more beautiful than you, I’m sure he’d keep it for himself.

Most people call me (your name), but you can call me tomorrow!

Are you lost ma’am? Because heaven is a long way from here.

Hershey’s makes millions of kisses a day.. .all I’m asking for is one from you.

Is your name Summer? ‘Cause you are as hot as hell.

The drink: $6. The room: $100. The night with you?: Priceless.

Are you Cinderella? Cause’ I see that dress coming off at midnight!

Baby, if you were words on a page, you’d be what they call FINE PRINT!

Were you in Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot.

Did you have lucky charms for breakfast? Because you look magically delicious!

Hey, don’t I know you? Yeah, you’re the girl with the beautiful smile.

My name is [your here] but you can call me tonight!

If you were a burger at McDonald’s you’d be the McGorgeous.

I wish I was cross-eyed, so I could see you twice.

I’m Mr. Right, someone said you were looking for me?

How was heaven when you left it?

It’s dark in here. Wait! It’s because all of the light is shining on you.

Baby, every time i see you, my cardiovascular system gets all worked up.

I’ll be Burger King and you be McDonald’s. I’ll have it my way, and you’ll be lovin’ it.

Help! I’ve fallen for you and I can’t get up!

Mmmm, you bring new meaning to the word “edible”.

They say a girls best friend are her legs. But even the best of friends sometimes have to part.

I may not be a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.

If beauty were time, you’d be eternity.

If I had a rose for everytime I thought of you, I’d be walking through my garden forever.

Is there a rainbow today? I just found the treasure I’ve been searching for!

Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you everyone else disappears.

I don’t have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?

Is that a ladder in your stockings or the stairway to heaven?

Looks like you dropped something , My jaw!

(Take a photo of her) I want to show my mom what my next girlfriend looks like

My lenses turn dark in the sunshine of your love.

Those are nice jeans, do you think I could get in them?

Someone vacuum my lap, I think this girl needs a clean place to sit.

Was your Dad a baker? Because you’ve got a nice set of buns.

Do you remember me? [No.] Oh that’s right, we’ve only met in my dreams.

I’m not drunk, I’m just intoxicated by you.

Are you sure you’re not an alien because you’ve just abducted my heart!

It’s a new world order. Have your way with me.

Are you an interior decorator? ‘Cause when I saw you, the room became beautiful.

Is it hot in here or is it just you?

My love for you is like dividing by zero. It’s undefinable.

Ouch! My tooth hurts! [Why?] Because you are soooo sweet!

Baby, you’re so sweet, you put Hershey’s outta business.

Give me a bottle of wine and ill make you mine.

Do you like soda? Because I’d mount-and-do you. (Mountain Dew)

Your ass is so nice that it is a shame that you have to sit on it.

Excuse me, if I go straight this way, will I be able to reach your heart?

Is your dad a jewel thief? because you’re a real jem.

My attraction to you is an inversed square law.

If you were a steak you would be well done.

Please call an ambulance, your beauty is killing me!

You know, sweetie, my lips won’t just kiss themselves…

Let’s make like a fabric softener and ‘Snuggle

I saw you girls from over there and just want to let you know that I’m taken.

My bedroom has a very interesting ceiling.

Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I’ve been touched by an angel?

Was your father a mechanic? Then how did you get such a finely tuned body?

It’s not my fault that I fell for you, you tripped me!

Like Motel 6, I’ll leave the light on for you.

It’s not the size of the boat. It’s the motion of the ocean.

Are those diamonds real? [YES] I was talking about the ones in your eyes.

You know, I wanna go inside your wine cabinet and pull myself out a stiff one.

If you were ground coffee, you’d be Espresso cause you’re so fine.

Is there an airport nearby or is that my heart taking off?

Do you know karate? Because your body is really kickin’.

You wanna know what’s big? (Pause) My house you weirdo!

Vogue just called, they want to put you on the cover.

Oh, yeah, [band name] is really great. . . I have all their rare stuff. You can come over 
to my place and tape it all if you want.

Do you know what winks and screws like a tiger? [No] Wink.

Is your Dad an astronaut? Because someone took the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.

You must be tired because you've been running through my dreams all night

Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?

Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only ten I see!

I know I don't look like much now, but I'm drinking milk.

Pardon me miss, I seem to have lost my phone number, could I borrow yours?

I hope you know CPR, because you take my breath away!

Was your dad king? He must have been to make a princess like you.

Were you in Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot.

What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in this room?

You are the reason men fall in love.

I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you.

If you stood in front of a mirror and held up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.

When I saw you from across the room, I passed out cold and hit my head on the floor, so I'm going to need your name and 
number for insurance reasons.

Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? (hold up a mirror)

Did it hurt when you fell out of heaven?

Can I borrow a quarter? I told my Mom I'd call when I met the girl of my dreams.

Do you have a map? I keep getting lost in your eyes.

Excuse me, but I think I dropped something, my jaw!

Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.

I'm new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?

If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put U and I together.

If I followed you home, would you keep me?

Was your father an alien? Because there's nothing else like you on earth!

Was your Dad a baker? Because you've got a nice set of buns.

You're like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life!

Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back.

You remind me of a magnet, because you sure are attracting me over here!

If you were a taser, you'd be set on stunning.

Excuse me, do you have any raisins? How about a date?

Hello. Are you taking any applications for a boyfriend/girlfriend?

Can I take your picture? I want Santa to know exactly what I want for Christmas.

Is it hot in here or is it just you?

Are you related to Mike Tyson? Because you knock me out.

If you were a burger at McDonalds, you'd be the McGourgous.

Your body must be a Visa, because it's everywhere I want to be.

How you doin?

Please come here, I'm desperate.

Didn't we go to different schools together?

Guy: Did you just fart? Girl: No, why? Guy: Because you just blew me away.

If I had a nickel for every girl as beautiful as you, I'd have five cents

Would you like some visene? Why? So you can see our future together clearly.

I hear your body is made up of 75% water, man am I thirsty!

Do you sleep on your stomach? (No) Can I?

I love you, you're the best.

If I had a rose for every time I thought of you I'd be walking in a garden forever.

You're so sweet I'm getting cavities.

If I told you that you had a beautiful body, would you hold it against me?

If I had a camera, I'd use the whole roll.

Your name must be Lucky Charms, cause you're magically delicious.

Baby, have you been eating your Campbell's soup? Because you are looking Mmm, Mmm good!

Are you wearing lipstick? Mind if I taste it?

If I were bread, would you be my butter?

God was showing off when he made you.

Is your name Elmo? Because I want to tickle you all over.

Could you please step away from the bar? You're melting all the ice.

Hi, are you here to meet a nice guy/gal or will I do?

Aieeeah! Your eyes glow like the twin suns!

You fascinate me more than the Fundamental Theorem of Calculus.

I'm The Man in Demand

There's a star in the sky for every time I think of you

Hi, I'm incredibly rich.

I've noticed you noticing me and I'm just giving you notice that I've noticed you!

Do you have a boyfriend? If she says no say, you do now! If she says yes, you're on your own.

I know somebody who likes you but if I weren't so shy, I'd tell you who.

Pardon me, but what pickup line works best with you?

Statistically speaking, the most effective pickup line of all time is "I love you".

You must be a parking ticket, because you have fine written all over you.

Excuse me, do you have the time? Woman: No. Man: Well I have the time and it says I have time for you alllll the time

Can I dip you in chocolate?

Roses are red, bananas are yellow, wanna go out with a nice little fellow?

Hi, what's your name? Did you go to (put in a place) yesterday? (No) Oh right, that was in my dream.

I heard milk does a body good but man, how much have you been drinking?

If love were a drop of water, I'd be in the Atlantic Ocean.

If you were a tear drop, I would never cry for fear of losing you.

You know what I fell in? (What?) Love with you.

Excuse me, do you have a Band-aid? I skinned my knee when I fell for you.

Was your Dad in the Air Force? Because you're the bomb.

Hi, my name is (insert your name here)

Life without you is like a pencil without lead, pointless.

I'm a genetic engineer and I need to utilize your body for a stem cell experiment. It shouldn't hurt too bad.

My love for you is like diarrhea; I can't hold it in.

I think I've seen your picture somewhere. Oh yes, it was in the dictionary under SHA-BAM!

You're so hot that you make the sun jealous.

Do you know what the square root of 81 is? (Hopefully they say nine) Oh, then you are not just another pretty face.

I lost my teddy bear. Can I cuddle with you instead?

You're so hot you melt the elastic in my underwear.

Hey c'mon now, I'm ugly, you're ugly, it's perfect.

Can I borrow your library card, because I'd like to check you out!

I should call the police because you're stealing my heart.

You're more beautiful than 100 pink flamingos on a golf course.

I can't wait until tomorrow. Somehow you get prettier every day.

If wishes came true I'd be having dinner with you tonight.

Girl: I'm sorry, I can't talk right now, I have a(n) (some instrument) lesson. Guy: (instrument)? I thought angels played 
harps.

Excuse me, you look sexy, what's your name?

If beauty were time, you'd be eternity.

Baby, you're so sweet, you put Hershey's out of business, and speaking of Hershey's, how about a kiss?

You see my friend over there? [Point to friend who sheepishly waves from afar] He wants to know if you think I'm cute.

ASL?

Can I have your heart? I need it to be complete and I don't feel whole without you.

It's never easy meeting a complete stranger, especially one as beautiful as you, without being properly introduced. But 
shall we try anyway?

Gently rub the girl's back and say, "I thought angels had wings."

You must be the cause of global warming.

I don't think a firefighter could put you out.

It looks like you need a man in your life. How about me?

Um, you have really beautiful...uh...eyes, yea. You are pretty. What I mean is...you have a nice forehead, er ah...Do you 
believe in when I walk by...(To yourself) Oh man, STUPID STUPID STUPID!

Hi, I'm Mr. Right. Someone said you were looking for me.

Is your name Pepsi? Because you sure are sizzling.

Are you a broom? Because you sure swept me off my feet.

If a star fell every time I thought of you, the sky would be black at night.

You're looking sharper than a page of Oscar Wilde witticisms that has been rolled up into a point, sprinkled with lemon 
juice and jabbed into someone's eye.

I think we should be lab partners because you and I have chemistry.

I don't know if it's igneous or metamorphic, but baby, you rock.

Did you know the distance from here (touch one side of the girl's shoulder) to here (touch other side of shoulder so your 
arm is around her) is the same distance from here (touch same spot last touched) to here (grab her around the waist)

Kiss me if I'm wrong, but have we met?

You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy.

I thought Veryfine only came in a bottle.

(Walk up to them, place an ice cube on the floor and crush it with your foot) Now that we've broken the ice, what's your 
name?

If I were a tear drop I would be born in your eyes, live on your cheeks, and die on your lips.

If you're here, who's running heaven?

Do you know Karate? Because your body is kickin'

I'm going to put this tear of mine in the ocean. When you find it I'll stop loving you.

If I were you I would go out with me.

Do you work for NASA? Because you're outta this world.

Walk up to a girl and look at the tag on the back of her shirt. When she asks what you're doing tell her your checking to 
see if she was made in heaven.

I couldn't pay attention in school (or work) today because I couldn't stop thinking about you.

Would you like a coolata, because you are ahota.

You're the marshmallows in my Lucky Charms.

If I were a gardner, I'd plant your tulips next to mine.

Is there an airport near by or is that my heart taking off?

Did you hear the latest health report? You need to increase your daily intake of vitamin me.

One night I looked up at the stars and thought "Wow, how beautiful." Now that I'm looking at you, nothing else can compare
.

May I borrow some of the chapstick you're wearing?

I have an owie on my lip, will you kiss it and make it better?

Hey good lookin' what'chya cookin'?

Love is when you don't want to go to sleep because reality is better than a dream. After seeing you, I don't ever want to 
sleep again.

Let's hide behind a rock and get a little bolder.

Excuse me, do you know how much a polar bear weighs? (No) Enough to break the ice. Hi, my name is...

Girl: Have we met before? Guy: Only in my dreams.

You better stop, drop and roll right now cause you're on fire!

Have you ever heard the Pina Colada song, because I want you to come with me and escape.

Watching you is like watching the sun rise with the morning dew, but there is one difference - you're better.

Jealousy is for everyone else because they don't have you.

If you were a pirate would you put your parrot on this shoulder (touch girl's shoulder) or this shoulder? (touch other 
shoulder and keep arm there)

Ever wonder why you have spaces between your fingers? (A: So my fingers can fit there)

Does your Dad own Snapple, because you're made from the best stuff on earth.

Let's make like fabric softener and snuggle!

If kisses were snowflakes, I'd send you a blizzard.

Pick up a pack of sugar and hand it to a girl, saying, "Here, you dropped your name tag."

I'll make you a bet - $20 says you'll turn me down.

I must be dead because I'm talking to an angel.

I knew I recognized you. You look just like my next boy/girl friend.

If I was an ice cube, I'd melt standing next to you.

Are you a star? Because you always shine when I look at you.

This isn't a beer belly, it's a fuel tank for the love machine.

Is your name Gillette, because you're the best a man can get!

May I have your autograph? Why? For being the most beautiful girl I have ever seen.

I memorized every number in the phone book, but managed to lose yours. I'm gonna need to get that.

Is your daddy a shoemaker, because you just knocked me off my feet.

Drink unsweetened tea or other beverage, and when she asks why, say, "With you here, I don't need sugar."

You might not like it when guys swear, but I swear I'm in love with you.

My heart is broken...could you fix it for me?

I just ate some skittles. Do you want to taste the rainbow?

I think God took the pigment out of a leaf and put it in your eyes (for green-eyed person).

I think God took the colour out of the ocean and put it in your eyes (for blue-eyed person)

I think God took a brown topaz gem and made you eyes out of it. (for brown-eyed person)

I bet it was hard for God to make your eyes out of crystal clear ocean water.

Either those are your eyes, or you managed to make a contact lens made out of gem stones.

Did you escape from the zoo? Because you bring out the animal in me.

Walk up to a girl and reach into your pocket. Close your empty hand and extend it toward her. Ask if she'll hold this for 
you. When she reaches for it, grab her hand slowly. Gets an, "Awww" every time.

Touch her shoulder with your index finger. Make a hissing sound and say "Owwwwww!" then tell her you just got a 3rd degree burn.

"Can I call you Sky? Why? Because you're the reason mine is blue"

You're so beautiful I forgot my pickup line.

I can't taste my lips, can you taste them for me?

If looks could kill you would be a weapon of mass destruction.

Ow, my finger hurts, can you kiss it for me? (Hopefully says yes). Ouch, my lips hurt. Can you kiss those too?

You must be related to Yoda 'cause yodalicious!

God must be missing an angel if you're here.

Something's wrong with my phone - your number isn't in it.

You: What's your excuse? Them: Excuse for what? You: For being so beautiful.

Last night I got bored and tried to match a star with every reason I love you. I ran out of stars.

We have two hands, two thumbs, two feet. We also have two arms, ears, eyes and even legs. But do you want to know why we 
don't have two hearts? Because you have my other heart.

If I had a penny for every time you crossed my mind I would only have 1 cent because you crossed my mind and stayed there.

Ow my eyes are burning! It's because you're so hot and I can't stop looking at you.

If you'll be my Mary Jane, I'll be your Spiderman.

Do you want an Australian kiss? It's just like a French kiss, but down under.

When I saw you I swear I saw the sun because it got so hot in here.

Hey I learned a new phrase. What is it? (Girl or boy's name) is cute.

I'm a bee, would you be my honey?

Is your body from McDonalds? Cause I'm Lovin It!

Most people like to watch the Olympics because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you cause the 
chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.

Am I a pirate? Because I can't stop searching for your booty.

What's a guy/girl like you doing in a place like this?

If love were leaves I'd give you forests.

If I had one last breath I would use it to tell you I love you.

If you were a transformer, you'd be Optimus Fine.

Do you like water? Then you already like 70% of me, want to get to know the other 30%?

Want to see a magic trick? Let me see your hand. (Hold it when she reaches it out) Ta-da!

Are you a light switch? Cause you're turnin' me on.

Do you wash your pants with Windex? Because I can see myself in them.

Do you have an eraser? Because I can't get you outta my head.

You look familiar. Oh, I know why, you look like my next girlfriend.

Bring a friend up to the girl and say, "See, I told you there was an angel here."

If we were atoms, I would bond with you.

Want to play a game? (Yes) Okay, but it can't be hide and seek because a girl like you is impossible to find.

I am the sun, you're the moon, let's make stars.

Are you a tower? Because "eiffel" in love with you.

Let's commit the perfect crime - I'll steal your heart and you'll steal mine.

Do you drink syrup or are you naturally this sweet?

Did you fall out of an owl's mouth because you're a hoot.

Are you wearing space pants? Because your caboose is out of this world.

I wish I was a pepper so I could get Jalapeño business.

I only like one letter of the alphabet - U!

Are you a remote because you control my mind.

My mom tried so hard to keep me when I was a baby, can you take me now?

Is your name Google? Because you have everything I'm searching for.

You're like the square root of negative one because you're unreal.

Are you a musician, because you just rocked my world.

Knock knock (who's there?), kiss (kiss who?), kiss me!

Excuse me, can you do me a favor and stop being so adorable?

Hi, my name is (say your name), but you can call me tonight (or later).

Do you play a lot of chess? Because you just put my heart in checkmate.

Follow a girl and when she asks what you're doing say, "I'm following my heart."

If being sexy was a crime you'd be on death row.

I heard it's a turn on when the girl makes the first move.

I'm like a yellow light, I'll make you slow down when you're in a hurry.

I believe you owe me a drink because when I saw you, I dropped mine.

I don't mean to intimidate you, but I'm Batman.

Do you know what Splenda is? Because I think you're made of it.

You may fall out of the sky or out of a tree, but the best way to fall is in love with me.

Girl: I have a boyfriend. You: I have a goldfish. Girl: What? You: Oh, I thought we were talking about things that don't matter.

I remember all 21 letters of the alphabet. Oh wait, I keep forgetting U R A Q T.

Baby are you a firecracker? Because you make a heart burst!

Guy: You look like my first wife. Girl: Really? How many times have you been married? Guy: Zero.

Does your left eye hurt, because you've been looking right all day.

I must have a genie because you're exactly what I wished for.

There are three kinds of beautiful: cute, pretty, sexy. You're all three.

This sweet and spicy sauce is a gift for you (hand her a bottle) because it's sweet and hot, just like you.

Hi beautiful.

Hi, I'm shy (big smile, wink optional).

Hi, I'm <your name> (big smile).

Will you tell me you love me so my heart will be satisfied?

Roses are red, violets are blue, if you were a Pokémon, I'd choose you.

I'm sure I've seen you before...at the end of a rainbow.

If I were an atheist, you would make me a convert.

Give them your phone number and say, "Here's my phone number. If the heaven to earth fees are too expensive, may I have yours?"

(Used when you're at the top of a tall building) Did it hurt or was this just a convenient place for you to land and rest your wings?

I'm positive that you're negative because I'm attracted to you.

(Used when you meet the woman on an airplane) "Gee, I didn't know angels could fly as fast as an airliner. How did you get inside without depressurizing the cabin?"

I must be a snowflake, because I’m falling for you.

Are you a cake? Because I’m craving a piece of that.

Your lips look so lonely…Would they like to meet mine?

Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you’ve got fine written all over you.

Are you a keyboard? Because you are just my type.

Thank god I’m wearing gloves because you are too hot to handle.

If a fat man puts you in a bag at night, don’t worry I told Santa I wanted you for Christmas. 

Is your mom a beaver? ‘Cause Damn!

I’m glad I have a library card because I’m totally checking you out.

Is your name Dunkin? Because I don’t want to spend another day without you.

Are you a maple tree? Cause I’d tap that.

Are you a volcano? Because I lava you.

Are you a tangerine? ‘Cause you’re certainly a cutie.

If you were a Facebook status, I would like you.

Is your last name Campbell? ‘Cause you are mm mm good.

Are you French? Because Eiffel for you.

You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy for you.

I’m no photographer, but I can picture us together.

Are you the cure for Alzheimer’s Disease? Because you are unforgettable?

Do your legs hurt from running through my dreams all night?

My buddies bet me that I wouldn’t be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful girl in the bar. Want to buy some drinks with their money?

May I end this sentence with a proposition?

Looks like you dropped something. Oh, it was my jaw!

Me without you is like a nerd without braces, a shoe without laces, asentencewithoutspaces.

Most guys need three meals a day to keep going. I just need eye contact from you.

Let’s make like a fabric softener and snuggle.

Most people like to watch the olympics because they only happen only four years. But I would rather talk to you because the chance of meeting someone so special only comes around once in a lifetime.

Life without you would be like a broken pencil! Pointless.

Just where do those legs of yours end?

Lets play hockey. I will be the net and you can score.

Like motel 6, I will leave the light on for you.

Let’s have breakfast together tomorrow morning. Should I call you or nudge you?

Is your dad an art thief? Because you are a masterpiece.

It is a new world order. Have your way with me.

It is not my fault that I fell for you. You tripped me.

IS your father Little Caesar? BEcause you look hot and ready.

Its your last name Whitman? Because I want to sample you.

Is your last name gillette? Because you’re the best a man can get.

Is your name daisy? Because I have a sudden urge to plant you right beside me.

I’ve got an alarm clock that makes the best sound in the morning. Would you like to come over so you can hear it.

Is your name Summer? Because you’re hot as hell.

Is your dad a jewel thief? Because you are a real gem?

Is there a rainbow today? Because I just found the treasure that I have been searching for.

I am always on top of things. Would you like to one of them?

My doctor says I’m lacking Vitamin U.

Do you like sales? Because if you’re looking for a good one, clothing is 100% off at my place.

I know this is going to sound cheesy, but I think you’re the greatest.

Hey! Tie your shoes. I don’t want you to fall for anyone else.

If you were a triangle you’d be acute one.

If you were a potato, you would be a sweet one.

Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koala-fications.

Does your left eye hurt? Because you’ve been looking right all day.

My feet are getting cold… because you’ve knocked my socks off.

Do you have a name? Or can I call you mine?

Wow, when god made you he was showing off.

If beauty were time, you’d be eternity.

My love for you is like diarrhea. I just can’t seem to hold it in!

Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you’re CuTe.

Are you from Russia? Because you are rushing my heart rate.I know you’re busy, but can you pencil me in?

Is that a mirror in your pocket? Cause I can see myself in your pants!

Your hand looks heavy. Can I hold it for you?

Are you religious? Cause you’re the answer to all my prayers.

Hey, tie your shoes! I don’t want you falling for anyone else.

What has 36 teeth and holds back the Incredible Hulk? My zipper.

I wish I were cross-eyed so I can see you twice

We’re not socks. But I think we’d make a great pair.

Is your name Wi-fi? Because I’m really feeling a connection.

If looks could kill, you’d be a weapon of mass destruction.

Somebody call the cops, because it’s got to be illegal to look that good!

I must be a snowflake, because I’ve fallen for you.

Do you like Star Wars? Because Yoda only one for me?

If you were a sea, I would swim in you forever.

If you were a steak you would be well done.

Hello, I’m a thief, and I’m here to steal your heart.

Are you cake? Cause I want a piece of that.

Please call an ambulance! Your beauty is killing me.

My love for you is like diarrhoea, I just can’t hold it in.

Are you lost ma’am? Because heaven is a long way from here.

There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn’t have your number in it.

If you were a library book, I would check you out.

Are you a cat because I’m feline a connection between us

If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?

“I have a boyfriend.” Well you look like the kind of girl that could use two!

If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?

I’m new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?

I must be in a museum, because you truly are a work of art.

How much does a polar bear weight? Enough to break the ice!

Are you Mexican? Because you’re my Juan and only.


My love for you is like dividing by zero! It is undefinable.

Are you a 90 degree angle? Cause you are looking right!

Nice to meet you, I’m (your name) and you are… gorgeous!

If I were a transplant surgeon, I’d give you my heart.

Are you Israeli? Cause you Israeli hot.

On a scale from 1 to 10, you’re a 9… And I’m the 1 you need.

Did it hurt? When you fell out of heaven?

If I could rearrange the alphabet I would put U and I together.

Remember me? Oh, that’s right, I’ve met you only in my dreams.

Is your name Google? Because you’ve got everything I’m searching for.

You spend so much time in my mind, I should charge you rent.

My lips are like skittles. Wanna taste the rainbow?

Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?

Are you from Tennessee? Because you’re the only 10 I see!

Life without you is like a broken pencil… pointless.

Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? (hold up a 
mirror)

Is your body from McDonald’s? Cause I’m lovin’ it!

I saw you girls from over there! Just wanted to let you know that I’m taken.

Even if there wasn’t gravity on earth, I’d still fall for you.

Are you Cinderella? Because I see that dress coming off at midnight.

Roses are red, violets are blue. I can’t rhyme, but can i date you?

Baby you make my palms sweaty, knees weak, arms spaghetti.

Roses are red, violets are blue, how would you like it if I came home with you?

Do you have a tan, or do you always look this hot?

I may not be a genie, but I can make all your wishes come true!

Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koalafications.

Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone in the room disappears.

I’m not drunk, I’m just intoxicated by you.

You must be jelly, cause jam don’t shake like that.

Do you drink Pepsi? Because you’re sodalicious.

If I followed you home, would you keep me?

The drink: $6. The room: $100. The night with you: Priceless.

So you must be the reason that men fall in love.

Someone vacuum my lap. I think this girl needs a clean place to sit.

Oh I am sorry! I thought that was a braille name tag!

Oh no! I am choking! I need mouth to mouth quick.

Pinch me! You are so fine, I must be dreaming.

My love for you is like the Energizer bunny! It just keeps on going and going.

Oh my God! I think I love you. Now lay down.

Nice yo meet you. I am “your name” and you are gorgeous.

My lenses turn dark in the sunshine that is your love.

No wonder the sky is grey today. All the blue is in your eyes.

My attraction to you is an inverse square law.

My mattress is a little hard. Would you like to help me break it in.

My name isn’t elmo! But you can tickle me anytime you want to.

My bedroom has a very interesting ceiling. Do you want to look at it?

Oh yeah! (Band) name is really great. You can come over to my house and tape it all if you want.

Someone should call the cops, because you just stole my heart and I’m gonna let you get away with it.

If you were words on a page, you’d be fine print.

You must be a hell of a thief. Because you stole my heart from across the room.

Are you a keyboard ? Because you are my type.

Pinch me, you’re so fine I must be dreaming.

If you were a chicken, you’d be impeccable.

Your hand looks heavy. Here, let me hold it for you.

I’ve been wondering, do your lips taste as good as they look.

Are you from Starbucks because I like you a latte.

Are you a banana because I find you a peeling.

Do you like vegetables because I love you from my head tomatoes.

Have you been to the doctor’s lately? Cause I think you’re lacking some vitamin me.

Do you generate electricity with water through the process of hydro power? Because dammmm.

Do you like science because I’ve got my ion you.

Are you my appendix? Because I don’t understand how you work but this feeling in my stomach makes me want to take you out.

There is something wrong with my phone. Could you call it for me to see if it rings?

Are you a 45 degree angle, because you’re acute-y.

I’ve seem to have lost my number, can I have yours?

If I had a garden I’d put your tulips and my tulips together

Did you hear of the new disease called beautiful, I think you’re infected.

I thought Happiness starts with H. But why does mine starts with U.

If you were a vegetable you’d be a cutecumber.

You know what you would really look beautiful in? My arms.

Do you play soccer? Because you’re a keeper.

My mom thinks I’m gay, can you help me prove her wrong?

Can I follow you home? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams.

If I were a cat I’d spend all 9 lives with you.

Are you a bank loan? Because you got my interest

Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.

Are you from Japan cause I’m trying to get in Japanties.

If you were a fruit you’d be a fineapple.

I’ll give you a kiss. If you don’t like it, you can return it.

I’m no electrician, but I’ll light up your day!

Did you swallow magnets? Cause you’re attractive.

Are you from China? Because I’m China get your number.

Do you have a name, or can I call you mine?

You know Dr. Phil says I’m afraid of commitment. Want to help me prove him wrong?

What time do you have to be back in heaven?

When I first saw you I knew we could win the Stanley cup in tonsil hockey.

When God made you, he was just showing off.

What are you doing for the rest of your life? Because Id really love to spend it with you.

Would you grab my arm so I could tell my friends that I’ve been touched by an angel.

“What do you want for Christmas?” A date with you!

Is there an airport nearby? Oris that my heart taking off?

Is it hot in here or is it just you?

I would like to rearrange the Alphabet to put U and I together.

I am drowning in the sun and need mouth to mouth.

I am an army recruiter. Why don’t you come over to my place and be all you can be?

I am no photographer, but I can picture us together.

I am going to need a tall glass of ice cold water because baby you are making me hot.

I am like a power plant. It is hard to turn me down and I can turn you on.

You are so lovely, you make me wanna go out and get a job.

I am not really a hoarder, but I would like to keep you forever.

Roses are red, my face is too. But that only happens when I am around you!

Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you I smile.

If you were a steak, you would be well done.

I am mister right. Someone said you were looking for me.

I’ll make you shiver when I deliver!

If you were a teardrop I would never cry for fear of losing you.

If you stood in a mirror and heald up eleven roses, you would see twelve of the most beautiful things in the world.

If you were ground coffee you would be espresso because you are so fine!

If you just want me don’t shake me or wake me, just take me!

If you were a booger, I would pick you first.

If you were a burger at McDonalds, you would be the McGorgeous.

I will cook you dinner if you cook me breakfast.

I will be Burger King and you be McDonalds. I will have it my way and you will be lovin’ it!

If you are going to regret this in the morning we can just sleep until the afternoon.

If love was written on every grain of sand in the Sahara desert, that still does not equal my love for you.

If you were a chicken, you would be impeccable.

If I was an octopus, all three of my hearts would beat just for you.

Was your dad a baker? Because you have a great pair of buns.

Was your dad a farmer? Cause your melons are prize winning.

Was your dad king for a day? He must have been to make you such a princess.

Where do you hide your wings? Cause you are definitely an angel.

Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?

Were you in the girl scouts? ‘Cause you sure have tied my heart in a knot.

There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn’t seem to have your number in it.

If I received a nickel every time I saw someone as beautiful as you, I would only have five cents.

Nothing last forever. Will you be my nothing?

If stars would fall everytime I think about you, the sky would soon be empty.

If this bar is a meat market, you must be the prime rib.

If women were trophies, you would definitely be first place.

If I were an operating system, your process would have top priority.

If I could reach out and hold a star for every time you made me smile, I would hold the entire sky in my hand.

I’m no organ donor, but I would be happy to give you my heart.

I do not believe in love at first sight, but I am willing to make an exception in your case.

Is your dad a preacher? Because girl you sure are a blessing.

You are so cute and it is so distracting.

You look familiar. Did we take a class together? I could have sworn we have had chemistry.
If I were a transplant surgeon I would give you my heart.

If I were the king and you were the queen in a cosmic game of chess, would you mate with me?

If it weren’t for that damn sun, you would be the hottest thing ever created.

I won’t say a pickup line if you let me buy you a drink.

I would die a million deaths if it meant I could be with you.

I want to write a poem on your body with my lips.

I wish you were the pony carousel outside the strip mall so I could ride you all day long for a couple of quarters.

I wondered if you had an extra heart. Mine seems to have been stolen.

I was wondering if you had a moment to spare for me to hit on you.

If a thousand painters worked a thousand years they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you.

I wish I was an ion so I could for an exothermic bond with you.

If beauty were time you would be an eternity.

I was not sure if you were a beautiful angel or a sexy devil, but now that I am up close I see heaven in your eyes.

I wish i were cross eyed so that i could see you twice.

I wish I were adenine because then I could get paired with you.

Sneak in beside her* Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?

Do I know you? ‘Cause you look just like my next girlfriend.

When God made you, he was showing off.

*Ask a person for the time* 9:15? So today is November 15, 2015, at 9:15 PM. Thanks! I just want to remember the exact moment I met the woman of my dreams.

How on earth do you do that?!? *Girl, confused: “What?”  Look so exquisitely beautiful!

If you were Christmas, then I would be the Grinch who stole you.

Are you going to kiss me…or do I have to lie to my diary?

There’s something wrong with my phone, can you fix it? *Girl: “Why? What’s wrong?” Your number’s not in it.

Hold it, I think you have something in your eye. Oh, that’s just a twinkle…

Aside from being sexy, what else do you do?

Do you like raisins? How do you feel about a date?

Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everything else disappears.

I am not a photographer, but I can picture you and me together.

Do you know what I am made of? Boyfriend material?

They say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Well apparently, no one has ever been standing next to you.

For some reason, I was feeling a little off today. But when you came along, you definitely turned me on!

My buddies bet me that I wouldn’t be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful girl in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?

Sorry, but you owe me a drink. *Girl: “Why?”* Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.

Hi, I think I’m lost. Can I ask for directions? *Girl: “To where?”* To your heart.

Excuse me, are you a parking ticket? Because you have fine written all over you.

Is there an airport nearby or is it my heart taking off?

I was so enchanted by your beauty that I ran into that wall over there. So I’m going to need your name and number for insurance purposes.

Oh no, I’m not staring at your boobs. I’m staring at your heart.

You’re the only girl I love now…but in ten years, I’ll love another girl. She’ll call you “Mommy.”

Can I take your picture to prove to my friends that angels do exist?

Hey girl, don’t frown. You’ll never know who could be falling in love with your smile.

Can I follow you home? ‘Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams.

For a moment I thought I had died and gone to heaven. Now I see that I am very much alive, and heaven has been brought to me.
Fascinating. I’ve been looking at your eyes all night long because I’ve never seen such dark eyes with so much light in them.

Was your dad a boxer? Because damn, you’re a knockout!

If I had a star for every time you made me smile, I’d have a whole galaxy in my hand.

Wow, if being sexy was a crime, you’d be guilty as charged!

I was wondering if you had an extra heart. Mine was just stolen.

If happiness started with an H, then why does mine start with U?

You know what I do for a living? I’m a thief, and I’m here to steal your heart.

My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can’t hold it in.

I like Legos. So if you like Legos too, Lego build a relationship.

Somebody better call God, ‘cause heaven’s missing an angel!

I’m new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?

Was you father an alien? Because there’s nothing else like you on Earth!

If you were a transformer, you’d be a HOT-obot, and your name would be Optimus Fine.

There are a lot of fish in the sea, but you are the only one I’d like to mouth.

Vogue just called, baby! They want to put you on their cover.

Are you a time traveler? Because I see you in my future!

Are you craving Pizza? Because I’d love to get a pizz-a you

Wouldn’t we look cute on a wedding cake together.

I have this magic watch that can actually talk to me. Seriously, it is talking to me right now. It says you aren’t wearing any underwear. Is that true? Oh wait! My watch is an hour fast.

Would you grab my arm, so I can tell my friends I’ve been touched by an angel?

There’s only one thing I want to change about you, and that’s your last name.

Even if a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they would never create a work of art as beautiful as you.

Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.

I’m no organ donor, but I’d be happy to give you my heart.

If I had a penny for every time I thought of you, I’d have exactly one cent because you never leave my mind.

You are like a candy bar: half sweet and half nuts.

Hi, how was heaven when you left it?

You spend so much time in my mind, I should charge you rent.

There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can’t take them off you.

Honey, you are so sweet, you put Hershey’s out of business.

Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?

So there you are! I’ve been looking all over for YOU—the woman of my dreams!

Do you have a band aid? Cause I scraped my knees falling for you.

You know what? If I were a cat, I’d spend all 9 lives with you.

Do you work at Starbucks? Because I really like you a latte.

Are you a banana? Because I find you a-peeling.

Is your dad a drug dealer? ‘Cause you’re so dope you make me high!

Smoking is hazardous to your health…and damn girl, you’re killing me!

There isn’t a word in the dictionary for how amazing you look.

Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I’ve been touched by an angel?

Are you Netflix? Because i could watch you for hours.

I’m not a hoarder, but I really want to keep you forever.

I hope you like coffee, because I always have folgers in my cup.

I just wanted to show this rose how incredibly beautiful you are.

If you were words on a page, you’d be what they call FINE PRINT!

If this bar were a meat market, you are the prime rib.

So…what time do you have to be back in heaven?

Let’s commit the perfect crime: I’ll steal your heart, and you’ll steal mine.

You be the Dairy Queen and I’ll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I’ll do it your way.

I know where there is a good party. They have liquor in the front and poker in the rear.

Is your dad a terrorist? Because you are the bomb.

You must be a ninja, because you snuck into my heart

Roses are red violets are blue. It would be a shame if I couldn’t date you.

Can you pinch me, because you’re so fine I must be dreaming

Is your body McDonalds? Because I’m lovin’ it!

Kiss me if I’m wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?

People call me <your name>, but you can call me tonight.

My doctor told me I can never have arrhythmia, but the way you make my heart skip is definitely proving him wrong!

I sneezed because God blessed me with you.

I play the field and it looks like I just hit a home run.

I may not be a genie, but I can still make all of your wishes come true.

Me without you is like a nerd without braces, a shoe without laces, and a sentence without spaces.

Most people like to watch the Olympics because it only happens once every 4 years, but I’d rather talk to you because the chance of meeting someone like you only happens once in a lifetime.

I must be dancing with a devil, because you are hot as hell.

I think we have to make love on the front lawn like crazed weasels, now!